Add govuk-docker doctor command to README (#51)
alphagov/govuk-docker: README.md

## FAQs

### Troubleshoot your installation

> The `doctor` command will attempt to ensure you installation is in a runnable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `govuk-docker doctor` command will attempt to ensure your installation is in a runnable
```

> state and suggest remiedial steps if it finds anything wrong

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state and suggest remedial steps if it finds anything wrong
```
